yeah
me
It is deluxe that we did here in that, yes this time
Here a full of Sanji
It's been a long time, but I decided 15
Made yes
It's a er finished product in that
Not Ji' Kurichotto school
In real condition
Smell, bones on the screen, enter the dormitory
Ann Let's change it
Then please
Moth
Yes yeah yeah
Maybe I saw it as a still image a while ago
It is really said that this slope
I look in yourself
I think since the morning
If you do not eat really Well early
I really and 2 minutes to times
That penne is
It will be hard, oh
I would like to eat inside because it was warm inside
Yes and yeah after that
receive
Bake
Yes
Yup
The first great dairy products are already
It is rich
I also like cheese
Ham of the US + Nenko
The texture of
It is good, but it is so with pen
In the course of capital
I still have it in my mouth.
Yeah I blue cheese
It's that's a change of clothes
Well put it was really from Ne is amazing that Well
I smell it , but when I eat it
It is also unbearable to those cheese lovers
It's still great I'm still in my mouth
Oh
Well it is this version that holds it down a little
Clumsy me a little restrained this black pepper
It was delicious that it was serious enough to be compatible with it
Yes I 'm sorry to be standing low floor
It is good
This is good for the city
Real good is messed up delicious about it 's such a want to give
Already
Oh
me
There Gee
I love dream chute
I wonder if I already went to a pub
Cheese Tsukune
Tsukiai' Tara One Izu Ushido
Nde Sometimes cheese about Son eat say cheese to rice of love
Air
Owner of this wow
I already wanted to make Nakajima Chi
Oh ya bain
But it is that so um I also satiety fan o'clock a 3 in that
Tell me Well something of it 's such a term softening these recipe book in the other little
I want
Masu Subscribe Japan and the United States if thank you was hot in the Well at least that the Well
Yes
ｰｰｰThank you
This video but would have been how
For example if, if good published Atawa
I would like to comment
And open with channel door
To the quantity
I remember the video in that huge series
And
Sancho Man-style rice Toka after recipe book
And to such as a reference to any
I am making
I am waiting for you to subscribe to the year good friends
I'm fine
Yes see again